docs/resources/coding.md, before:

# Coding

## Python
- [Python Tutorial](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/python): Introduction to the basics of Python.
- [Documention](https://www.python.org/): The official python website.
- [Python Notes](https://chrisalbon.com/): A curated list of Python notes by Chris Albon.
- [A Python Textbook written in French](https://python.sdv.univ-paris-diderot.fr/01_introduction/#19-autres-ressources): Thanks to Lucas!

## Pandas
- [Intro to Pandas](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/mlcc/intro_to_pandas.ipynb): An introduction to pandas on Colaboratory.
- [Documention](https://pandas.pydata.org/): The official pandas documentation website.
- [Cheatsheet](https://pandas.pydata.org/Pandas_Cheat_Sheet.pdf): A summary of pandas commands.
- [Tutorial](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/pandas): Introduction to the basics of pandas.

## Demos
- [Data Types by Lucas](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-01-assignment.ipynb)
- [Working with Lists by Roxanne](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-02-lists.ipynb)
- [Using Functions by Cyprien](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-01-assignment.ipynb)
- [Data Visualisation 1 by Carolina](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-04-visualisation.ipynb)
- [Data Vasualisation 2 by Clara](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-05-viz-types.ipynb)
- [Comparing Variables by Frank](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-06-comparing-variables.ipynb)
- [Recoding Variables by Lola](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-07-recoding-variables.ipynb)
- [Missing Value by Mathis](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-08-missing-values.ipynb)
- [Grouping & Summarising by Maud](https://colab.research.google.com/github/mickaeltemporao/itds/blob/main/materials/students-2021/demo-09-grouping-summarising.ipynb)

## Misc
- [Why Colaboratory/Ipython/Jupyter](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-07196-1): A article in *Nature* on the importance of notebooks.
- [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb): Programming interface for executing code in your browser.
    - [Introductory Colaboratory Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inN8seMm7UI)
    - [Guide to Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/basic_features_overview.ipynb)

Commit message:

update resources with links to materials

docs/resources/coding.md, after:

# Coding

## Notebooks
- [Notebooks used in Class](https://github.com/mickaeltemporao/materials/tree/main/notebooks)

## Python
- [Python Tutorial](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/python): Introduction to the basics of Python.
- [Python Notes](https://chrisalbon.com/): A curated list of Python notes by Chris Albon.
- [A Python Textbook written in French](https://python.sdv.univ-paris-diderot.fr/01_introduction/#19-autres-ressources)
- [Documention](https://www.python.org/): The official python website.

## Pandas
- [Intro to Pandas](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/mlcc/intro_to_pandas.ipynb): An introduction to pandas on Colaboratory.
- [Pandas Tutorial](https://www.kaggle.com/learn/pandas): Introduction to the basics of Pandas.
- [Pandas Cheatsheet](https://pandas.pydata.org/Pandas_Cheat_Sheet.pdf): A summary of Pandas commands.
- [Intro to Pandas](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/mlcc/intro_to_pandas.ipynb): An introduction to Pandas on Colaboratory.

## Data Visualization
- [Matplotlib Global Cheatsheet](https://matplotlib.org/cheatsheets/cheatsheets.pdf)
- [Matplotlib Beginner Cheatsheet](https://matplotlib.org/cheatsheets/handout-beginner.pdf)
- [Matplotlib Intermediate Cheatsheet](https://matplotlib.org/cheatsheets/handout-intermediate.pdf)
- [Matplotlib Tips Cheatsheet](https://matplotlib.org/cheatsheets/handout-tips.pdf)

## Misc
- [Why Colaboratory/Ipython/Jupyter](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-07196-1): A article in *Nature* on the importance of notebooks.
- [Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb): Programming interface for executing code in your browser.
    - [Introductory Colaboratory Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inN8seMm7UI)
    - [Guide to Colaboratory](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/basic_features_overview.ipynb)
