docs/resources/onboarding.md, before:

# Onboarding

Make sure you have completed the following activities before the second class meeting:

1. Create a [**:fontawesome-brands-google: Colaboratory**](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb) account.
    - You can use an existing :fontawesome-brands-google: Google account or create a new one.
    - This is the main tool we will use to complete all of the courses activities.
2. Join the [**:fontawesome-brands-slack: Slack**](https://sciencespobordeaux.slack.com) channel and say hi in the ***\#data-science*** channel.
    - You will probably need to use your **scpobx.fr** email.
3. Install the [**:fontawesome-brands-slack: Slack**](https://sciencespobordeaux.slack.com) app on your :fontawesome-solid-mobile-alt: and/or :fontawesome-solid-laptop:

For now, you can explore these tools by yourself. If these tools don't make sense yet do not worry. We'll cover them in the upcoming class meetings.

More useful resources will be added throughout the course length. You should check the pages in this section regularly!

Commit message:

swicht to gitter and facelift

docs/resources/onboarding.md, after:

# Onboarding

Make sure you have completed the following activities before the second class meeting:

1. Create a [:fontawesome-brands-google: **Colaboratory**](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb) account.
    - You can use an existing :fontawesome-brands-google: Google account or create a new one.
    - This is the main tool we will use to complete all of the courses activities.
2. Create a [:fontawesome-brands-github: **GitHub**](https://github.com/) account using your **@scpobx.fr** email.
    - This is the main tool we will use to communicate.
3. Validate your :fontawesome-brands-github: **GitHub** account with the code received by email.
4. Join the course chat on [:fontawesome-brands-gitter: **Gitter**](https://gitter.im/ScPoBx/introduction-to-data-science) and say hi!
    - Select your newly created :fontawesome-brands-github: **GitHub** account when prompted to join the chat.
5. Install the [:fontawesome-brands-gitter: **Gitter**](https://gitter.im/apps) app on your :fontawesome-solid-mobile-alt: and/or :fontawesome-solid-laptop:

For now, you can explore these tools by yourself. If these tools don't make sense yet do not worry. We'll cover them in the upcoming class meetings.

Other resources will continue to be added throughout the course length. You should check the resource pages regularly!
